<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="start_an_instant_meeting_in_microsoft_teams">
    <title>Start an instant meeting in Microsoft Teams</title>
    <shortdesc>Here you will learn how to start an instant meeting in Microsoft Teams.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>From your calendar: </p>
        <ol id="ol_kxh_4c2_zpb">
            <li>Go to Calendar Meetings button on the left side of Teams, then select Meet now Meet
                now button in the upper right corner.</li>
            <li>You'll have a chance to set a few things up before you start your meeting. Give it a
                title, choose whether you want to use video, and pick your preferred audio source. </li>
            <li>When you're ready, hit Join now.</li>
        </ol>
        <p>Your meeting is now up and running—you just need people to join you. </p>
        <p>In a channel:</p>
        <ol id="ol_vn4_yc2_zpb">
            <li>Go to Teams Teams button on the left side of the app. Choose the channel you want to
                meet in from the list. </li>
            <li>In the Posts tab, look for Meet Meet now button in the top-right corner. From the
                drop-down, select Meet now. Or, to keep the context of a specific conversation,
                choose Reply below any post, and then Meet now Meet now button under the box where
                you'd type your message.</li>
            <li>Give your meeting a title and choose whether you want to include video. </li>
            <li>When you're ready, hit Join now.</li>
        </ol>
    </conbody>
</concept>
